I Never Would’ve Imagined Writing This Two Years Ago

https://www.esquire.com/sports/a33022329/naomi-osaka-op-ed-george-floyd-protests/

https://hackmd.io/R7_WTBWWRnaAgYAEgnpuKg#2-I-Never-Would%E2%80%99ve-Imagined-Writing-This-Two-Years-Ago

https://hackmd.io/Kxy8upuOTbawHqUPNvXExA?view#2-I-Never-Would%E2%80%99ve-Imagined-Writing-This-Two-Years-Ago

https://hackmd.io/6c7UcQmzTpSyPLI5yTxZnA?view#I-Never-Would%E2%80%99ve-Imagined-Writing-This-Two-Years-Ago

https://hackmd.io/s9IfzeYHRwyJBE9ak_80pw#2-I-Never-Would%E2%80%99ve-Imagined-Writing-This-Two-Years-AgoNaomi-Osaka

https://hackmd.io/LhmVGAq4ROSVEVHKGYqmCw#2-I-Never-Would%E2%80%99ve-Imagined-Writing-This-Two-Years-AgoNaomi-Osaka

https://hackmd.io/31_rUjoMRDq5u20rj8hwMA?view#2-I-Never-Would%E2%80%99ve-Imagined-Writing-This-Two-Years-AgoNaomi-Osaka


A 
Tennis star Naomi Osaka on why she flew to Minneapolis days after George Floyd’s death—and why being “not racist” isn’t enough.

B
My name is Naomi Osaka. As long as I can remember, people have struggled to define me. I’ve never really fit into one description—but people are so fast to give me a label. Is she Japanese? American? Haitian? Black? Asian? Well, I’m all of these things together at the same time. I was born in Osaka, Japan to a Haitian father and Japanese mother.

C
I spent my formative years growing up in the United States. I’m a daughter, a sister, a friend, and a girlfriend. I’m Asian, I’m Black, and I’m female. I’m as normal a 22-year-old as anyone, except I happen to be good at tennis. I’ve accepted myself as just me: Naomi Osaka.

D
I honestly haven’t had the time to pause and reflect until now, which I think we can all relate to after the pandemic changed all of our lives overnight. In the past few months, I’ve re-evaluated what’s actually important in my life. It’s a reset that perhaps I greatly needed. I asked myself, “If I couldn’t play tennis, what could I be doing to make a difference?”

E
I decided it was time to speak up. So what I will say here, I never would have imagined writing two years ago, when I won the US Open and my life changed overnight. I guess that when I read this piece back in the future, my evolution as a person will have continued. But for the here and now, this is who I am, and here are my thoughts.

F
When I saw the horrific video of George Floyd’s murder and torture at the hands of a cop and his three colleagues, my heart ached. I felt a call to action. Enough was finally enough. I flew to Minneapolis with my boyfriend days after the murder to pay our respects and have our voices heard on the streets.

We grieved with the people of St. Paul and protested peacefully. We visited the George Floyd Memorial and connected with those who came together to mourn yet another senseless act and life lost without reason. Being on the ground in Minneapolis was what felt right at that moment.

G
When I came back to Los Angeles, I signed petitions, I protested, and I donated, like many of us. But I kept asking myself what can I do to make this world a better place for my children? I decided it was time to speak up about systemic racism and police brutality.

H
George was murdered at the hands of men paid to protect him. And for every George, there is a Brianna, a Michael, a Rayshard. The sad list goes on. That’s just the tragedies captured on camera. I remember watching the outrage at Michael Brown’s case in 2014, and nothing has really changed since. Black people have been fighting this oppression alone for so many years and progress has been fleeting at best. Being “not racist” is not enough. We have to be anti-racist.

I
I support the movement to defund the police. By that, I don’t necessarily mean to eradicate them altogether. Some of their funding — like payment plans to cops who have been convicted of crimes — should be re-allocated to social measures within the community: Education, housing and youth programs, which are so often neglected. We need to take a holistic approach to our communities and to keeping each other safe.

J
It’s going to take a collective effort. Today’s protests have momentum and promise. This time, there is a different energy. Different faces are involved in the movement. It’s gone global—from Oslo to Osaka, from Tallahassee to Tokyo, protests have included people of all races and ethnicities. There were even Black Lives Matter marches in Japan–something many of us would never have expected or imagined possible.

K
Japan is a very homogenous country, so tackling racism has been challenging for me. I have received racist comments online and even on TV. But that’s the minority. In reality, biracial people—especially biracial athletes—are the future of Japan. We (myself, Rui Hatchimura and others) have been embraced by the majority of the public, fans, sponsors, and media. We can’t let the ignorance of a few hold back the progressiveness of the masses. The love I feel from Japanese fans of all ages, especially the younger ones, has always been heart-warming. I am so proud to represent Japan and always will be.

L
It means so much to me that society evolves–that we take on systemic racism head-on, that the police protect us and don’t kill us. But I am proud, too, of the small part I have played in changing perceptions and opinions. I love the thought of a biracial girl in a classroom in Japan glowing with pride when I win a Grand Slam. I really hope that the playground is a friendlier place for her now that she can point to a role model and be proud of who she is. And dream big.

